I know most people don't want to rebel these days.
But that's okay.
We have formed a reform group.
Now please invite Pham Hien to speak for everyone.
Who is this person?
I don't know if it's Ms. Lanh's person.
Should be trusted
I won't introduce myself anymore.
You guys don't know me anyway, go straight to the dry goods.
What about the reformers?
First of all, reform in the field of disciples of the Beg Sect.
Let every disciple of the Beg Sect be paid regularly.
Resting couple Han Xin working to care for the elderly
Help pay half the medical examination
Individual pays half
Oh, this. Yes.
Organize brothel tours during the time
So that each disciple of the Sect has food and drink.
Have money to go to the doctor
Age
Alright.
Any problems please feel free to ask anytime
Why not?
Increase treatment
Make Duong Lam uninhabited.
Can also absorb new disciples.
Not once?
Hey, Mr. Pham.
I have a question.
You talk so much it's really attractive.
But how does this money come, tell you guys who want money.
Can't say want
Want to say reward talent
If you can sing, then sing.
Fracture of large stone in chest
It's okay to not have talent.
Man may not live
But can not live
Oh, all this is treatment, what is there to oppose?
All this treatment already.
What else is there to create?
Okay, the officer is here.
We do not rebel.
We surrender.
What about surrender?
You continue to rebel.
Just pretend we never came.
If you do not rebel
What do we use to start a career?
How you open a new page in your family tree is up to you.
Assured.
Isn't this forcing us to rebel?
Don't panic, feel something is wrong.
let me think